[WIP] Add content to the Observability Guide (#16)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/ingest-metrics.asciidoc

[chapter, role="xpack"]

> [[observability-ingest-metrics]]

Reviewer: I would remove `observability` from this id. It's already included in the URL
```suggestion
[[ingest-metrics]]
```

To learn more, see
https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/metricbeat/master/how-metricbeat-works.html[How Metricbeat works].

[NOTE]
=====
If you haven't already, you need to install {es} for storing and searching your data, and {kib} for visualizing and
managing it. For more information, see <<install-observability,Get started>>.
=====

[[install-metricbeat]]
== Step 1: Install {metricbeat}

Install {metricbeat} as close as possible to the service you want to monitor. 

To download and install {metricbeat}, use the commands that work with your system:

include::{beats-repo-dir}/tab-widgets/install-widget.asciidoc[]

[[metrics-connect-to-stack]]
== Step 2: Connect to {es} and {kib}

Connections to {es} and {kib} are required to set up Filebeat.

Set the connection information in `filebeat.yml`. To locate this configuration file,
see {metricbeat-ref}/directory-layout.html[Directory layout].

include::{beats-repo-dir}/tab-widgets/set-connection-widget.asciidoc[]

To learn more about required roles and privileges, see {metricbeat-ref}/feature-roles.html[Grant users access to secured resources].

[[enable-metrics-integrations]]
== Step 3: Enable and configure integrations

> . To identify the integrations you need to enable, run:

Author: Agreed.

* https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/libbeat/master/config-file-format.html[Config file format]
* https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/metricbeat/master/metricbeat-reference-yml.html[`metricbeat.reference.yml`]:
This reference configuration file shows all non-deprecated options. You’ll find it in the same location as metricbeat.yml.

[[set-metricbeat-assets]]
== Step 4: Set up assets

{beatname_uc} comes with predefined assets for parsing, indexing, and
visualizing your data. To load these assets:

. Make sure the user specified in metricbeat.yml is authorized to set up https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/metricbeat/master/privileges-to-setup-beats.html[{beatname_uc}].

. From the installation directory, run:
+
--
include::{beats-repo-dir}/tab-widgets/setup-widget.asciidoc[]
--
+
`-e` is optional and sends output to standard error instead of the configured log output.

This step loads the recommended https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/master/indices-templates.html[index template]
for writing to {es} and deploys the sample dashboards for visualizing the data in {kib}.

> TIP: A connection to Elasticsearch (or Elasticsearch Service) is required to set up the initial environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: A connection to {es} (or {ess}) is required to set up the initial environment.
```

> If you’re using a different output, such as Logstash, see

Author: For future improvements, I created an issue for this: #78
